


Someone who throws and catches something.

a human goes backwards while bending forward.

A person is playing golf.

A person is performing a ballet-like dance.

A person hops forward.


a person picks up and object and place it on a surface in front of him.

A human slowly walks two steps.

a person is boxing.

A person is jogging to the left.


A human walks while holding her right upper leg with both hands.






A person walks to the right and then to the left with lateral steps.

A human  is doing stretching.

A person goes upstairs then goes downstairs.


A person is carefully and slowly moving straight forward.




A human walks fast along the path of a number eight.

a human awkwardly goes forward.



A human turns 270° to the left while jumping in the air.



A person trying to open something.


A person lies on the ground, stands up and then goes into a defense position.

A person's feet are dragged forward so he falls down on his back and stays lying.



A person crawls through a obstacle parcour.


A person first bends down to the right so that his hands reach the height of his knees, and then, after bendig back to his original posture, performs seven steps forward.

A person dancing in slow motion.

A person jumps 180° counterclockwise.


A person walks while being bent over and eventually picks something up from the floor.


A human rides a skateboard, stops and rides again.



walking up stairs to the front.

A person makes moves like bouncing a basketball and throwing it to a basket.


A person is repeatedly carefully walking in one direction and stopping again to look around.

A human crouching a bit.

Someone who goes on an trajectory.

A person performs a headstand and a backflip.

basic movements for fightig.

A human swims in breaststroke style.


A human performs warm-up exercises.




A human poses with the hand up and the knees slightly bend.





A person is slowly walking forward.

A human picks up sth from the floor and goes forward.




A person walks trough the room.

A person performes multiple dance moves.

A human walks.

A human walking.

A person is walking backwards.

A person walks in a counter-clockwise circle.
Someone walks in a circle counterclockwise.

A person walks in a circle clockwise.
A person walks in a circle and looks facing down.
A person walks a circle in the right direction.
The human walks a circle (right turn).

Someone walks three steps in curve to the right.
A person walks a small half circle.
Somebody walks a quarter circle in clockwise direction.

Person walking backwards.
Someone walks slowly backwards.
A person makes 4 steps backwards.

human goes in a circle counterclockwise.
A human is walking in a circle to its left.

A person is walking in a small circle.

A human walks a quarter of a circle to the left.
The human perfoms a left turn.

A human turning right.
A human performs a 90° right curve.
A person walks in a curve to the right.

A person walks 2 meters forward.
A person is walking.

A person walks four steps backward.
human goes backwards.

A person walks counterclockwise in a small circle.
A person walks counte clockwise in a circle.
a person walks in a circle.

A human walking in a circle clockwise.
A person is walking in a circle clockwise.
A human goes around the circle clockwise.
someone walks a larger clockwise.
a person walks in a circle to the right.

A person walks a quarter of a small circle counterclockwise.
Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.
Some walks a quarter circle to the left.

A person walks forward while gradually turning to the right.

A person goes slowly 5 steps forward.
A person walks slowly forward.
A person slowly walks 4 steps forwards.

A person walking backwards 4 steps with relatively small steps.
A person takes 4 steps backwards starting with the left foot.
A person takes five backward steps.

A person walking in a circle to the left.

A person walks a circle clockwise.

A person goes to the right.

A person walking forwards for a few steps.
a person walks forwards.

Someone walks slowly backwards.
a person walks backwards.
A person slowly walks back taking 4 steps.

A person moves in a circle clockwise.
A human walks a small circle to its left.

Subject walks in a circle clockwise.
A person walks clockwise forward in a circle.

Someone walks a quarter-circle to the right.
A person slowly walks a quarter ride sided circle.

A person starts a circular movement towards the left.
human slowly goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with right.

A person is walking backwards.
A person walks backward.
Someone walks backwards 4 steps starting with the left leg.
The human perfoms a couple of steps backwards.
human goes backwards at medium velocity.

A person walks a circle counter-clockwise.
Someone walks in a circle counterclockwise.

A person walks clockwise in a small circle.

Subject walks a quarter circle counterclockwise.
a person walks to the left performing a quarter circle.
The human perfoms a left turn.

A person walks forward while turning to the right.
A person goes to the right, where it passes through a quarter circle line along.

Someone walks four steps forwards.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the left leg.
A human is slowly walking forward.
A person walks forward.

A human is walking backwards.

walking counter clock-wise in a circle.
A person walks in a circle round an axis.

A person walks clockwise in a circle.

A person walks a quarter of a circle counterclockwise.
a human walks a quarter to the left.

A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.

A person walks forward.

Subject walks backwards.
a person is walking backwards.
human goes backwards.

Someone is walking a circle.
a person walks three fourth of a circle.
A person walks in a three quarter circle to his left side.

a person walks in a rightward circle.

A person walks to the left one-quarter of a rotation.
A person walks a quarter circle two the left.
A person walks a 90 degree turn to the left.
a person walks in a quarter circle to the left.

A human turning right.

A person is walking in small circles.
someone walks in a circle counterclockwise three consecutive times.
a person walks in a circle to the left 3 times.

Subject walks in a circle clockwise twice.
A human performs tight right curves doing two full rounds.
a person walks a circle to the right two time.
A person walks in a circle two times.
a human is walking in circle to the right, as if he is walking around an object.

a person walks forward.

A human looks to the right. Afterwards walks forwards slowly.
a person walks straight on and then walks up a step.
a person walks straight forwards some steps.
A person is walking forward.

A person climbs stairs.
a human is climbing some stairs.

A person walking forwards and upwards.
human goes forward.

A person walks down a slope in the forward direction.

Subject walks down steps.
A person walks down a slope and reaches flat ground after a few steps.
A human is walking down a ramp.
A person walks 5 steps down a stair and then 2 more when it reachs the ground.
a person walks down the stairs.
A person walks down on stairs.
Somebody walks downstairs.

A person is walking slowly and relaxed.

Subject walks over a plank.
A person walks a few meters over soft surface.
a person walks forwards.

Someone balances on a object an jumps on the ground at the end of the object.
A person balances over an obstacle.
A person goes down from an higher level to a lower one.
A person is balancing on something for four steps and taking a step down at the end.
A person balancing across a beam and stepping down.
a man is walking a few steps on a beam, and goes back on the ground.

Person stands upright holding both arms in a horizontal line.
A standing person holds both arms horizontally, spread to both sides.
A human stands still and spreads its arms to the side  so it looks like a T-shape.
A person stands still with his arms stretched.
Someone stand still spreading both arms to the side.
A person stands still, arms lifted at shoulder height.
A person stands with his arms raised to the side.
a man stands still with his arms at the horizontal.
Somebody stands with stretched arms.

A person walks forward at medium speed.

A person walks forward.
Person walking downwards steps or a slope.
He walks straight.
Someone is walking downward.
A Person is walking forward.
A human walks down a stair and stops when reaching the ground.
a person walks a few meters forward.
A person is walking forward.
A person walks down stairs.
A person takes 5 steps.
A person walks forward being energized.
someone walks right front.

A person walks downstairs.
A person walks down stairs.
A person walking forward down a hill.

A person walks forward against resistense.
a person walks up a ramp.
A person walks.

human walks upstairs.
A human walks forwards.
Someone is going up the stairs.
A person climbs the stairs.
A person walks up a hill forward.
A person walks up a hill.
A person walks up stairs.
Someone walks up a slope.
A person walks up a slope.

A human climbing a stair.
human goes upstairs.
A person takes a step forward and then climbs up a steep slope.
A person walking forward up a hill.
a person walks up a ramp.

A person is walking carefully over an uneven surface.

Someone take cautious steps forward.
A person walks very carefully while looking on the ground.
human steps on specific positions while going forward.

A person steps on predefined waypoints.
A human is balancing while stepping on defined positions for the foots.
A person is walking over an obstacle.
A person walks over a ledge.

A human walks over stepstones.
A person walks over an uneven surface.

Someone is walking.
Someone is walking forward 4 steps starting with the right leg.
a person walks forward quite slow.
Somebody walks lazy.

A person walks forward.
Someone walks forward.
a person walks forward.

A person sprints forward.
a person stand still and the start to run for some meters.

A person moves forwards along a tile then turns right and moves forward along another tile.
a person walks to the right.

Person walking and turning on one foot.
someone is a flip-flopper.
A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walks back.
A human walks forwards, turns and walks back.
Someone is walking forward 2 steps starting with the left leg, then turning back around his right side and walking back 2 steps.
A human walks a few steps forward, turns 180 degrees right and walks back again.
a person walks forwards a few steps then turns 180 degrees to the right and keeps walking.
A person turns around after taking two steps forward and walks another two steps in the other direction.
A human makes 2 steps forward, turns on its right food and walks back where it started.

human goes forwards starting by right, turns around partway, and goes back to the starting position.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn and walks some more steps.

A person turns left at medium speed.

A human goes slowly about 1.5 meters forward.
a man walks slowly.

A person runs a few steps.
A person starts to run fast and then slows down again.

a human performs a left turn.
A person walks a quarter circle to the right.

A person walks forwards.

Subject walks forward.

A person walks forwards in a relaxed manner.
human goes forward starting with right.
a person walks straight forwards.
A person walking forward four steps.
A person walks.

A person runs two meters and decelerates.
a person walks quite fast.
A person takes a few steps while accelerating.
The human runs to a specific point.
A person quickly walks forward.
someone start quick walking and stop.

A person turns left with medium speed.

A person walks and makes a 90 degree left turn.
A person walks forward in a 90° curve to his left.
A person walks in a quarter circle.

A person is slowing down from running.

human runs forward hasty.
A person runs a few meters straight forward.
A person is running, then stops abruptly.
A person runs and comes to a full stop.

human runs furiously.
A person runs.
A person runs.
a person jogs some meters.
The human is running.
a person runs forward.

A person stretches their arms out and performs a single squat.
A person does some squad exercises.

A human is performing a cartwheel.
A person does a cartwheel.

A person makes a handstand.
A person performs a hand stand.
Someone is doing a handstand.

A person performs a sidekick with the right foot.
a person kicks something with its right foot.

A person walking slowly forwards for a few steps.
someone start walking slowly and stops in a while.

A human walking forwards.

A person walks 4 big steps to the forward direction.
a person walks forwards quite fast.

A person turns around while walking.
Someone walks forward and turn 180 degree and walks forward.

A person walks six straight steps forward.
A person takes seven medium slow forward steps.
Walking in a straight line.

a person makes a T pose.
a man try to balance.

A person stands with both arms stretched out.
A person makes a T.
A person stands still and stretches his arms horizontal.
The human is streching his arms.
A person stands with arms spread out at shoulder height.
Someone is standing with his arms raised to the side.

A person is walking forwards.

A person standing in a t-pose lowers the arms, walks three steps forward, and afterwards lifts the arms to a t-pose again.
A person holding his arms on the height of his shoulders then lets them down and walks 2 steps before raising them again.

A person walks forward.
A person walks five steps forward.

A person is standing straight upright with their arms streched out sideways.
human stands with its arm being streched out sideways.
A human is balancing with its hands streched out, in a static position.
a person has both arms raised to both side like wings.
A person holds his arms on the height of his shoulders.
A person is balancing while holding out his arms.
Someone stands with his arms raised to the side.

A person walks 4 steps forward.

A person stretch his body.
A human claps his hands above his head.
a person waves with his both arms.

A person perfoms a jumping-jack motion.
Someone is doing one jumping jack.
a person does some jumping jacks.
A human is performing one jumping jack.
Somebody jumps like a jumping jack.

A person lifts the right arm straight into the air in a angle of about 100 degree between arm and right leg.
A human rises his right arm.
A person reaches for something with their right hand.
The human lifts his right arm.
a person points in front of him with his right hand.

Someone shakes hands.
a person shakes anothers person's hand with its right hand.
A person makes a motion as if shaking hands with another person.
human performs a motion which resembles shaking hands.
Someone is shaking hands.

A person waves his right hand.

a persons drums.
A person pats the space in front of him twice with both hands.
Somebody knocks on something with his hands.

A human impersonates a chicken flapping its wings.
Someone imitates a chicken.
A human is wagging its arms like a "chicken".
A person moves his hands to his chest and moves his elbows up and down several times.
a person does the chicken moves.
human performs a chicken dance.
A person squats while doing a chicken wing motion with his arms.

A person performs the egyptian walk with the hands.
A person is dancing.
A human points his finger to an object. First right hand finger. Second left hand finger.

A person goes three steps forward and stretches their arms to the sides.
a person has its arms spread like wings takes them down and walks a few meters and stops to spread them again like wings.
A person stands with his arms lifted horizontally, let's his arms sink, takes a few steps and resumes his initial stance .

Subject walks forward.
A person walks 4 steps forward.
a person walks forwards quite slow.
The human walks slowly.

The human plays air guitar and sways.
a person plays the guitar with its right hand.
A person plays an instrument.

A person walks 4 steps forward.

A person walks forward at slow speed.
Starting with the right leg someone is doing 6 steps forward very slowly.
a man is walking carefully.

A person punches five times, beginning with the left hand and ending with the left hand.
A person punches alternatively in front of him.

A human plays the drums.

A human walks four steps.

A person standing and showing upwards,.
a person points to three points with its left hand which a over it besides it and below it.
A human is pointing with its right arm, to an upper location on the right side, then to the middle and down location.
A person moves his right hand as far right as he can first obove his head then on the height of his chest and then on the height of his hip.
A person is pointing with his right hand.
Someone points with his right hand at three different heights on the right side of his body.

human runs a few steps forward.
An initially standing person takes a few running steps forward.
A person runs a few meter.

A person makes six steps forward while swinging both arms forward and up.
A person walks with nordic walking sticks in his hands.
A person takes 6 steps, starting with the right foot and swings the bent arms while walking.
Somebody walks slowly with wide arms.

A person performs a 180° turn clockwise with medium speed.
a man makes a U-turn on his left leg.

A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.

A person appears to begin walking in a circle.
human goes in a quater circle counterclockwise starting with left.
Walking in a quarter circle to the left.

A person walks 4 steps forward.
A human walking.
A person walks slowly 4 steps forward.
a person walks forwards quite slow.

A person walks forward.

A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.

the person is making a short forward walk.
A person makes 4 steps forward.
A human is walking 4 steps forward and is starting with its right foot.
A person takes five rather quick forward steps.

A person is jogging forwards, arms bent, hands at chest level.
A person runs forward.
A person is running a few steps and stops.
A person performing a short sprint.

A person turns left.
A person moves to the left.
A human is walking a quarter of a circle to its left.

A persons walks in a quarter circle.
A persons does a 90° right urn in five steps.
A person walks a quarter circle to the right.

walking with turn at end.
A person takes two steps, turns 180 degrees and takes two steps back to the initial position.
Someone is walking forward starting with the left leg 2 steps, then turning around his right side facing backwards and doing another 2 steps.
Slowly walking and Turning on one foot.
A person moves forward and rotates 180 degrees on his right foot.
A person walks 2 steps forward then turns around while walking and walks another 2 steps forward in the other direction.
A human walks 2 steps on one line, then turns on its right foot and walks back to the spot where it started.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the right and walks some more steps.
A person takes two big steps forwards, swings around 180° and takes two big steps backward.
A person makes a sharp turn.

a person is doing a u-turn while walking.
a person walks two steps then turn 180 degress and keeps on walking.
A person takes two steps, performs a turn of 180 degrees and takes another two steps.

A walking person takes two steps forward then turns around to their left, and continues walking in the opposite direction and stops.
A person takes two steps forward, then turns around to the left by 180 degrees and takes another three steps, back to the starting point.
Someone is walking forward two steps starting with the right leg, turning around his left side facing backwards and doing another two steps.

A person is strolling along at a leisurely pace taking his time to look around.
human slowly goes forward.
A person slowly walks four steps forward.
The human walks very slowly.
A person walks forward as if carrying a heavy load.

A person walks fast forward.

A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.

A person walks forward, turns on the spot and walk backwards.
A human walks a few steps before turning swiftly around on his right foot.
A person is spining around a 180 degrees to the right while walking.
A person turns 180 degrees on his right foot.
some one turns clockwise back on his right foot.
Someone walks two steps forward, then turns around by 180° to the right and makes two steps again.

A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.
A human takes a few steps forward, turns 180 degrees left on his left foot and walks back.

A human is slowly walking forward.
Someone is walking 5 steps very slowly starting with the right leg.
a person walks very slowly forwards.

A person walks four steps forward.

A person walks 4 steps fast forwards.
a person walks forwards quite fast.

Someone jogs a short distance.
Someone runs forward.

A person turns right with medium speed.

A person walking in a quarter circle to the left.

A person walks forward, turns to the right on the spot and walks back to the starting point.
A person walks two steps forwards then turns by 180 degree and walks two steps facing in the opposite direction.
A person walks forward turns 180 degrees and walks back.

A person walks forward at medium speed.
human, slowly and firmly, goes forward.

A person walks four fast steps forward.
A person takes 4 steps.

A person walks a distance of a quarter of a circle to the right.
A person is walking in a curve to the right.

A person walks in a quarter circle.

A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the right foot and walks again 2 steps forward.

A person walks 2 steps forward, turns 180 degrees on the left foot and walks again 2 steps forward.


a person steps to his side and then back.
a person takes a step to the left and then one to the right.

A person walking a few steps forward.

A person walks straight.
Someone walks forward.
A person walks slowly forward.

Subject walks forward quickly.
A person walks fast.

Subject is jogging forward.
Someone is jogging for 4 steps starting with the right leg.
human is running forward.

A person walks a quarter circle clockwise with 4 steps.

A person walks a quarter circle counter clockwise with 4 steps.

the person makes a u turn while walking forward.
A human performs a tight 180° turn on the right foot while balancing with the right arm.
a person walks forward and after a few steps turn 180 degrees to the right and does a few more steps.
Somebody turns swinging around clockwise.

a person is doing a left u-turn while walking.

The person makes one step to the right and one to the left.
A person takes a lunge to the left and returns to the initial position.
A person performs a step to the right, waits a moment and takes a step to the left.

Someone is performing a short sprint.

A person stumbling to the left.
A person takes a few recovery steps to the left.
A person steps to his left.
A person is pushed from the right to the left.
A person stumbling to the left.

A person makes a step to the left side.

A human walks to the left.
A person is turning slowly to the left.
A person turns to the left.
A human walks a quarter circle to the left.
Somebody walks a quarter circle anticlockwise.

A person walks and turns right.
human walks in a quater circle clockwise starting with right.
A human is walking in a quarter of a circle  to its right approximately with a radius of the same size as its body.

Subject walks forward spinns around and walks backwards.
a person walks forward takes a 180 degree turn to the left and keeps on walking.
A person walks two steps, turns around by 180° and then walks two steps.

A person walks two steps, turns around to the right and walks another two steps.

the person is slowly walking forward.
a person walks very slowly forwards.
A person takes five slow forward steps.

A person walks forward.
A person goes forward without haste.
A person takes five forward steps on flat ground.

A human walking forwards.
A persons walks fast for 4 steps and stops.

Person turning on one foot.
A person walks forward, turns around on the spot and walks back.
a person walks to steps forwards the turns left 180 degrees and keeps walking.
A person walks forward before turning around 180° to his left and then walks forward 2 steps in the opposite direction.
A person turns 180 degrees on his left foot.

Subject walks three steps forward.
a person walks forward quite slow.

A person walking forwards for a few steps.

A person walking briskly for a few steps forward.
A human slowly walks five steps forward.

Someone gets forcibly pushed to the left.
A person is pushed from the right and takes a big recovery step to the left.
A person dodges to his left side.

A person is pushed one meter forward.

A person takes three small steps backwards.
A person is walking backwards a few steps.

A person stumbles forward.

A person walks forward and is pushed slightly from the right-hand side.
Someone walks forward and make a sidestep to the left and get back to the path.

A person walks straight ahead and receives a slight push from the left.
a person walks forward and gets pushed to the right.
A human jumps to the right while walking.

the person is walking forward and backward.
A person walks forward then backward and forward again.
a person walks some steps forward gets pushed backwards and then continues walking.

A person walks forward.

a person walks forward and gets pushed from behind.
A person walks straight, receives a slight push from behind, and recovers from it.
Someone is beeing pushed from the back while walking forward.
A person gets pusehd forward.

A Person trying to walk forwards, getting pushed back after 2 steps, balancing itself and moving forward for 2 steps again.
A person walks and is getting pushed back and then walks forward again.
A person walks forward, then gets shoved from in front of him, he stumbles back but gets back on his original track.

a person is walking and then pushed.
A human takes two steps forward, is pushed to the right by somebody, regains his posture and carefully continues on his original path.
a person walks forwards is pushed by something from his left and then takes a few more steps.

a person gets pushed left and walks further.
Someone is being pushed viciously from the right side while walking forwards and compensates the disturbance.
A person gets pushed from his right side.

Someone is pushed to the right.
A standing person is pushed from the left side and compensates with a sidestep to the right.

A person is pushed back.
Someone gets pushed from the front.

Someone takes a few steps forward because he is shoved from behind.
A standing person gets shoved from behind.

Someone gets pushed from the front.
a person gets pushed from the front and stumbles back a few steps.

A human is pushed to the right.

A person stumbles while moving forward.
a person walks forwards and gets pushed from behind.
a person walks forward and stumbles.

a person walks forward, gets pushed backs and then walks forward again.
A person walks, is stopped by an obstacle and then resumes his motion.
A person walks forward, backs down as if being pushed back at chest height, then keeps walking.

A person goes two steps forward, gets pushed by their left side, recovers and keeps on going forward.

The human is pushed from the right side during walking.
A person walks as if drunk.

A person walks quickly.
A person walks forward.
A person is pushed forward.
a person walks forwards.

A person walks a few steps forward, then a few steps backwards and then continuous to walk forward.
A person walks forwards, then a few steps backwards and then forwards again.

A person moves crabwise to his right and back.

A person walks forward during that the person is pushed to the left.

the person is pushed forward by someone else.
A human makes a small steps forward.
A person performs a single forward step after being pushed from behind.

The subject does one backward step starting with his right leg.
A person performs a single  backward stride.
A persons makes a fast step backwards.
a person gets pushed from the front.
Someone takes a quick step to the back.

A human stepping to the right side.
A person doing a side step to the right.
a person takes a step to the right side.

Person running for a few steps.
A person joggs forward.

A person lifting their hands for defense and kicking with the left foot, like a kickboxing move.
A person kicks something with its left foot.
Kicking with the left foot.
A person makes a kick.

A person bends the upper body backward.

A person turns 90° to the right at medium speed.
human walks in a bending motion.
Someone walks to the right.

Subject walks in a quarter circle counterclockwise.

A person performs a tennis serve.

Person doing a throwing move with the left.
Someone throws something.
a person throws something with its left hand.
A person throws something with his left arm.
The human throws a ball.

human takes a bow.
A human bows.
A person bows.

A person is bowing in an forty five degree angle.
A person bows.
a person takes a bow.

A person performs a judo kick with the right leg.
A person is kicking with his right foot.

A person performs a kicking motion with the left leg.

A human performing a kick with the right foot.
A person is kicking with his right leg.

A Person moves the hands together in front of the chest and kicks with  the left foot.
A human is performing a low kick with the left foot, getting the arms up in a defence position.
A person performs a side kick with his hands held close to his body.
A person kicks with the left leg.
someone  is kicking something.

A human makes a squat.
A person does a squad exercise.

Someone hits something with his fist.
A person performs a right forward punch.
A person is performing a punch with his right hand.
A person punching with his right arm in front of him.
Someone is punching with his right fist.

A human does a left-handed boxing jab.
Someone punches with the left fist.
A person goes into a boxing position and performs a punch with it's left hand.
A person hits something with its left hand.
A human is performing a straight punch to the face with the left arm, while the right arm stays up in defence position.
A human lifts his hands to the chest and boxes with its left hand once.
A human punches with left hand.

A person stomps down his right foot.
human stomps its right foot on the ground.
A person lifts the right foot and sets it back to the ground again.
A human lifts its right foot and stomps with the foot on the ground.
A person stamps the ground with his right foot.

A person lifts their left foot and stomps back onto the ground.
A person stomps with their left leg.
a person lifts his left foot to look at it.
A person rises and lowers its left foot.
The human lifts his left foot.

A person is doing a little jump in the air.
A person jumps 10cm in the air, hands are down.
a human bends his knees and jumps up.
A person jumps upwards.

A person jumps forward.
A human performs a two legged hop to the front.
A person jumps forward on both of his legs.

a person jumps backwards.
a person hops backwards.
Someone jumps backwards.

A person makes a small jump to the left.
a person hops to the left.

A person makes a jump to the right.
A human performs a little jump with both feet to its right.
a person jumps to the right side about 30 centimeters.

A person plays golf.
a person plays golf.

A person is performing a golf swing.

A person makes a throwing motion with the right hand.
Someone throws something to the floor using the right hand.
a person throws something on the ground with its right hand.

Someone throws something with the left hand.

a person is doing a tennis forehand.

A Person doing a tennis racket like movement.
A person slaps with his left hand.

the person is waving the right hand.
A person waves with its right hand.
A person waves with his right arm.

the person is waving the left hand.
A standing person waves with his left hand.
A human is performing a whiping movement in front of its head.
a person waves with its left hand.
A person waves with his left hand.

A person waves with both hands.
Person waving with both hands.
A human wavs with both hands.

A human playing a guitar.
human performs a motion which resembles playing guitar.

Someone plays air guitar with the left hand.
A person plays chords on a guitar.
A person playing air guitar.

the person is playing violin.
a person plays the violin with its right hand.

A Person raises their right arm like a bodybuilder, looks at their muscles and moves the left arm.
A standing person performs arm motions as if playing a violin that he is holding in his right hand.
A person is playing the violin.

Someone is stirring with his right hand.
A person wipes a desk.

A person moves the left hand in front of the body in a half circle.
A person performs a circular motion with his left hand possibly gripping an object.
A person wipes something horizontal.

A person wipes the table with their right hand.

A person wipes.
A Person is wiping a surface with it's left Hand.
a person wipes something in front of it with the left hand.

human dances basic movement of slow waltz.
a persons dances with another person.
A human is practicing waltz steps.

A person performs the male basic step of the Cha-Cha-Cha ballroom dance.

A person is walking forward then making a sharp turn.
a person walks a few steps forward then turns right 180 degrees and walks some more steps.

A person makes a sharp turn to the left while walking.

A human runs.


A human running.
A person runs fast.
a person runs fast forwards.

A person runs fast.

A person turns around.
Subject walks forward spins around and walks back.

A person walks forwards, turns around and walks back.

A person touches the floor with their right hand and kneels down.

A person raises his hands in a T pose and kneels down.
someone is kneeling down after performing a T-pose.
A human extends his arms outwards and then goes down on both knees.
A person goes down to his knees and stretches his body.

A human standing up.
A person on knees is standing up.
a person stands up from the ground.
A human stands up from knees using right hand to prop against the floor.

A person gets up from a kneeing position.
Someone gets up from kneeling.
A perosn on their knees standing up.

A person gets down on all fours.
A person will step on his two knees, making use both arms to support itself.
a person goes down on his knees.
A person goes down to his knees.

a person is on all fours and stands up.

A person raises his arms to his sides, kneels down and crawls one meter.
A person is getting down on all fours an crawling forward a few meters.
First a person raises his arms to the height of his shoulders and then goes down on his knees and crawls forward.
a person raises his arms like wings and then goes down to its knees and crawls for a few.

A person kneels down on the floor, using both hand as support.

A person jumps and afterwards walks forward.
a person waves his hands jumps about 10 centimeters upwards and then walks for a few steps.
The human perfoms a jump and walks straight forward.

A person reaches for different objects using the right hand.

A person reaches for different locations with the left hand.


A person points into the air with the left hand.

A person draws two vertical lines with both hands.

A person moves both hands towards each other until they touch and then moves them in opposite directions.



A person picks up an object with the left hand, passes it over to to the right hand and puts it back down.

A person picks up an object using the right hand, passes it over to the left hand and finally puts it down.

A person briefly raises both hands and move them back down.

A person moves both arms upwards in front of its body and then moves them back down.

A person moves both arms like wings.


A person interacts with something uses a complex sequence of interactions.

A person performs complex gesticulation with both hands.


